---
title: "How to build an Application with modern Technology"
meta_title: ""
description: "this is meta description"
date: 2022-04-04T05:00:00Z
image: "/images/test.jpg"
categories: ["Application", "Data"]
author: "John Doe"
tags: ["nextjs", "tailwind"]
draft: false
---

I'm committed to building on this strong platform for growth. That is a highly connected, global business and the plans we set out last week aim to increase our leadership and market share in areas where we have competitive advantage, deliver best-in-class products and service excellence to our customers, and create a simpler, more dynamic, more agile organisation with clearer lines of accountability and faster decision-making. We will begin to implement these plans immediately and will share further details as part of a business update alongside our full-year results in February.

Financial performance in 3Q24

Profit before tax increased by $0.8bn to $8.5bn compared with 3Q23, primarily due to revenue growth in Wealth and Personal Banking (WPB'), and in Foreign Exchange, Equities and Global Debt Markets in Global Banking and Markets ('GBM'). Profit before tax in 3Q24 included a $0.3bn loss on the early redemption of legacy securities. The 3Q23 period included $0.6bn of disposal losses relating to Treasury repositioning and risk management, which was partly offset by a $0.2bn gain on foreign exchange hedges relating to the disposal of our banking business in Canada. Profit after tax of $6.7bn was $0.5bn higher than in 3Q23.

Constant currency profit before tax excluding notable items increased by $0.8bn to $8.7bn compared with 3Q23, as revenue growth and lower expected credit losses and other impairment charges ('ECL) were partly offset by a rise in operating expenses. This included a $0.2bn adverse impact from strategic transactions.

Revenue increased by $0.8bn or 5% to $17.0bn compared with 3Q23. The growth in revenue reflected higher customer activity in our Wealth products in WPB, supported by volatile market conditions, and in Foreign Exchange, Equities and Global Debt Markets in GBM. Revenue in 3Q24 included a $0.3bn loss on the early redemption of legacy securities and a loss of $0.1 bn from Treasury repositioning and risk management actions. On a constant currency basis, revenue rose by 7% to $17.0bn compared with 3Q23.

Constant currency profit before tax excluding notable items increased by $0.8bn to $8.7bn compared with 3Q23, as revenue growth and lower expected credit losses and other impairment charges ('ECL) were partly offset by a rise in operating expenses. This included a $0.2bn adverse impact from strategic transactions.
